Improve explanation of the weekly hype limit (#10317)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap/Hype/en.md

## Ranking requirement

> Beatmaps need at least 5 hypes (one complete bar of the hype train) to be eligible for [nomination](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure#nominations), a step towards getting the map ranked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beatmaps need at least 5 hype (one complete bar of the hype train) to be eligible for [nomination](/wiki/Beatmap_ranking_procedure#nominations), a step towards getting the map ranked.
```

Reviewer 2: the previous was incorrect

Reviewer: I dunno, calling them "hypes" feels really corny.

When you build hype you don't call it hypes.

🤷

Author: Hm.. I think the article should stick to one or the other.. using `5 hype` here and then `10 hypes` in the following paragraph is a bit weird, I think.

Reviewer 2: "hype" is treated as a countable noun here, i.e. instances of hype posts in a beatmap discussion. if you don't want to do that and insist that "hype" can't be countable, you'd write "5 hype posts" or something similar instead

## Limit

> Users start with 10 hypes, and they are consumed when used on beatmaps. Each hype takes a week after use to become available again.

Reviewer 2: as explained earlier, the premise is that this point wasn't obvious

```suggestion
Users start with 10 hypes, and they are consumed when used on beatmaps. Each hype takes a week after use to become available, meaning all 10 are available again after one week.
```

> Users start with 10 hypes. Each hype independently takes a week to recharge after being used on a beatmap, meaning all hypes are available again after one week.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users start with 10 hypes, and they are consumed when used on beatmaps. Each hype takes a week after use to become available again.
```
